docs: add more context about `navigation` mode in `callOnce` composable (#30612)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/3.utils/call-once.md

This utility is available since [Nuxt v3.9](/blog/v3-9).
::

> ::important
> `navigation` mode is available since [Nuxt v3.15](/blog/v3-15).
> ::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Usage

> Running code only once. For example, if the code runs on the server it won't run again on the client. this demonstrates the default `render` mode behaviour.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running code only once. For example, if the code runs on the server it won't run again on the client. This demonstrates the default `render` mode behaviour.
```

> Running code only once. For example, if the code runs on the server it won't run again on the client. This demonstrates the default `render` mode behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default mode of `callOnce` is to run code only once. For example, if the code runs on the server it won't run again on the client. It also won't run again if you `callOnce` more than once on the client, for example by navigating back to this page.
```

</script>
```

> To run on every navigation while avoiding the initial server/client double load, use the `navigation` mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to run on every navigation while still avoiding the initial server/client double load. For this, it is possible to use the `navigation` mode:
```

> Sometimes you do want code to run on every navigation - just avoid the initial server/client double load. For this, there's a new mode: `navigation` option that will run the code only once per navigation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run on every navigation while avoiding the initial server/client double load, use the `navigation` mode:
```

```vue [app.vue]
<script setup lang="ts">
const websiteConfig = useState('config')

await callOnce(async () => {
  console.log('This will only be logged once and then on every client side navigation')
  websiteConfig.value = await $fetch('https://my-cms.com/api/website-config')
}, { mode: 'navigation' })
</script>
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

::important
`navigation` mode is available since [Nuxt v3.15](/blog/v3-15).
::

```
